you need a screwdriver philips there's
two ends here on the hard plastic ends
are gonna go on the top and the serrated
part will end up fitting down here into
the bottom two these booths next what
you'll do is you'll use your phillips
screwdriver will loosen this so we can
slide this down your outer end will end
up going into this hole here and the one
that fits in the middle will just slide
through this slot next what I've done is
I've taken my door I've tipped it
sideways so that piece will end up
fitting in there and then the front one
will fit inside that slot so it's in
there this door is angled so next I will
slowly angle the top and get that
serrated edge into my tab here and do
that right now this now that I have the
door in side there I'm going to look
down at the serrated edge here I have
that in before I tighten it down though
I'm going to try to close my door here
you can see I'm trying to close it if
it's not closing we're too close here so
we'll just lift the door up a little bit
which I'll do right here we'll slide it
out and then now we'll try to close the
door again and that's closing nicely so
I've found a decent spot right here and
it will tighten up that Phillips screw
on top and it should be in place again
that Phillips screw that we will be
tightening is on the inside so we will
come in here and we're just going to
tighten this snugly to because we'll
come back and double-check the door one
last time and I have it too tight so
it's not closing again
loosen this up slide it back just a
little there slid out another try and
we're still binding a little more give
this a shot
and close it before putting everything
away is you're going to go in and
tighten the screw down and then since
you're in here with a screwdriver you'll
go to the other side and just
double-check that one so that doesn't
come out on you as well this one's a
little loose and right door